Add tutorials guidelines in the main tutorials branch (#1950)
ansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/getting_started/write_doc/tutorial_content_template.rst

Tabs for different solvers
--------------------------

> Here you have to make an implementation but it is different for the different solvers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we showcase a different script for the different supported solvers
```

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: MAPDL

        Explanation ...

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Code block

    .. tab-item:: LSDYNA

        Explanation ...

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Code block

    .. tab-item:: Fluent

        Explanation ...

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Code block

    .. tab-item:: CFX

        Explanation ...

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Code block

Bullet lists
------------

> Here you enumerate something:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enumerate something:
```

- something 1;
- something 2;
- something 3.

> Here you enumerate something with a numbered list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enumerate something with a numbered list:
```

#. something 1;
#. something 2;
#. something 3.

Bullet lists with explanations between items
--------------------------------------------

Here you enumerate something and reference them to use each item as a subheading:

- :ref:`Something 1<ref_something_1>`;
- :ref:`Something 2<ref_something_2>`;
- :ref:`Something 3<ref_something_3>`.

.. _ref_something_1:

Something 1
^^^^^^^^^^^

Explanation 1

.. jupyter-execute::

    # Code block 1

.. _ref_something_2:

Something 2
^^^^^^^^^^^

Explanation 2

.. jupyter-execute::

    # Code block 2

.. _ref_something_3:

Something 3
^^^^^^^^^^^

Explanation 3

.. jupyter-execute::

>     # Code block 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Code block 3

```
